OSSM-8740 Document full list of SMCP CR -> Istio CR fields mapping (#88602)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-migrating-reference-unsupported-fields.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service-mesh-docs-main/migrating/reference/ossm-migrating-reference.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ossm-migrating-reference-unsupported-fields_{context}"]
= Unsupported fields in Service Mesh 3

> The following tables list fields that are no longer supported in {SMProductName} 3. Remember that this does not necessarily mean the functionality has been removed. In many cases, it means that default values are being used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tables list fields that are no longer supported in {SMProductName} 3. Remember that this does not necessarily mean the functionality has been removed. For example it have to be configured externally to {SMProductName} 3 like in the case of the addons.
```

| spec.addons.prometheus
| spec.addons.stackdriver
|===

//For details on how to enable addon integrations, see [Observability Integration](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_mesh/3.0.0tp1/html/observability/index).

== Cluster configurations

[cols="1"]
|===
| cluster.meshExpansion.ilbGateway,
| cluster.multiCluster.meshNetworks.gateways.service
|===

== Gateways configurations

Gateways are managed separately in {SMProduct} 3.

== Policy configurations

[cols="1,1"]
|===
| SMCP 2.6 configuration | Istio 3.0 configuration
| spec.policy.type
| No direct equivalent (Istiod is now the only option)
| spec.policy.mixer
| Removed (Mixer deprecated)
| spec.policy.remote
| Removed (Remote policy checking replaced)
|===

== Proxy configurations

=== Proxy networking configuration fields

[cols="1"]
|===
| proxy.networking.initialization.type
| proxy.networking.initialization.initContainer.runtime.env
| proxy.networking.protocol.autoDetect
| proxy.networking.protocol.inbound
| proxy.networking.protocol.outbound
|===

== Runtime configurations

=== Deployment configuration fields

[cols="1,"]
|===
| runtime.components.deployment.strategy.type

> | Not directly available

Reviewer: Somewhere we use 'Not directly available' and somewhere just empty column. We should unify that.

|===

=== Defaults configuration fields

[cols="1"]
|===
| runtime.defaults.deployment.podDisruption.maxUnavailable

| runtime.defaults.deployment.podDisruption.minAvailable
|===

== Security configurations

=== Certificate Authority (CA) fields

[cols="1"]
|===
| security.certificateAuthority.cert-manager.pilotSecretName
| security.certificateAuthority.cert-manager.rootCAConfigMapName
|===

=== Istiod CA fields

[cols="1"]
|===
| security.certificateAuthority.istiod.privateKey.rootCADir
| security.certificateAuthority.istiod.selfSigned.checkPeriod
| security.certificateAuthority.istiod.selfSigned.enableJitter
| security.certificateAuthority.istiod.selfSigned.gracePeriod
| security.certificateAuthority.istiod.selfSigned.ttl
| security.certificateAuthority.istiod.workloadCertTTLDefault
| security.certificateAuthority.istiod.workloadCertTTLMax
|===

=== Control plane security fields

[cols="1,1"]
|===
| security.controlPlane.tls.maxProtocolVersion
|===

=== Identity Configuration fields

[cols="1,1"]
|===

> | security.identity.thirdParty.issuer

Reviewer: Incorrectly formatted in the preview
